# eBookTemplate
(Deprecated - As It Turns Out - It Is Easier To Create A Kindle Publication WITHOUT A Template)
# Update: 26 July 2020
Some ten months after "deprecating" this repository due to the reason listed above, I decided to have another go at creating a useful, self-publishing template that would not be limited to Amazon Kindle Publishing, but rather would allow the creation of digital and/or physical books, booklets, paperbacks (papercovers/softcovers), hardbacks (hardcovers), portable document formats (".pdf"), etcetera, with the greatest of ease whilst producing an aesthetically pleasing output document. The results of this current effort appear quite promising and as such, the new template has been uploaded to its own repository <a href="https://github.com/TheLittleEngineers/Generic-eBook-and-paperback-self-publishing-template-suitable-for-Kindle-publishing">HERE:</a> <a href="https://github.com/TheLittleEngineers/Generic-eBook-and-paperback-self-publishing-template-suitable-for-Kindle-publishing">https://github.com/TheLittleEngineers/Generic-eBook-and-paperback-self-publishing-template-suitable-for-Kindle-publishing</a> <a href="https://github.com/TheLittleEngineers/Generic-eBook-and-paperback-self-publishing-template-suitable-for-Kindle-publishing">:HERE</a>. Clicking this link will redirect you to the proper repository for this new and much improved generic book publishing template. The template has thus been designed specifically to be universal enough that it can generate a properly formatted document for publication through the Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing, or KDP, when saved with a ".docx" extension, thus being saved in Microsoft Word 2007/365 document format. The template has been specifically designed to be compatible with Open Office, Libre Office, Microsoft Word 2007/365 and Microsoft Office 2007/365. As such, you will find two versions of the template within this project archive: a ".docx" for Microsoft 2007/365 compatible software packages (including Libre/Open Office and its derivatives) and an ".odt" for Open/Libre Office compatible software packages. It should be noted that both versions of the template are identical insofar as functionality is concerned. The primary (indeed, the only) difference between the two templates lies in the format (or container) in which they are saved to storage.
# End Update
The following text is the original description of this particular archive and not the new and improved template. This is a set of eBook Templates intended to ease the construction of Kindle, PDF and Generic eBooks. They are intended to be ALL INCLUSIVE, containing all possible sections of a book and their descriptions, allowing them to be removed or added, at will and as needed. We will also offer the service of helping to prepare your book for publication if you should require such a service.
